<h1 style="text-align: center">Welcome to the documentation of the SPARC4 Artificial Image Simulator (AIS)</h1>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
Instituto Nacional de Pesquisas Espaciais (INPE), in collaboration with Laboratório Nacional de Astrofísica (LNA), developed the Simultaneous Polarimeter and Rapid  Camera in Four Bands (SPARC4), a new astronomical instrument currently installed on the Perkin-Elmer 1.6 m telescope of Picos dos Dias Observatory (in Portuguese, OPD). SPARC4 allows simultaneous photometric and polarimetric acquisitions in four spectral bands, which are similar to the g, r, i, and z bands of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) system. For image acquisition, four Frame Transfer (FT) Electron Multiplying Charged Coupled Device (EMCCD) iXon Ultra 888 cameras of 1024 x 1024 pixels of 13 &mu;m, produced by Oxford Instruments, are used. These cameras have a window and a cotaing optimized for their spectral band operation. For polarimetric acquisitions, SPARC4 uses the dual-beam technique, in wich the light is split into the ordinary and extraordinary polarimetric components and are simultaneously acquired by the EMCCD cameras.


The Artificial Image Simulator (AIS) is a software developed using the Python programming language to create artificial images of stars that are similar to the images acquired using SPARC4. For this simulation, AIS firstly models the Spectral Energy Distribution (SED) the star. Over this distribution, the spectral response contributions of the atmosphere, telescope and the instrument itself are considered. This result in then integrated over the wavelength, providing us with the number of photons per second acquired by the cameras. This number is used to create the Point Spread Function (PSF) of the star, modeled as a Gaussian 2D distribution, according to the size of the seeing disk. This PSF distribtuion is summed pixel-by-pixel to a background image, calculated according to the contributions of the sky as well as the bias level, read noise, and dark current noise of the cameras.

In this work, we present a comprehensive description about how to use AIS and the aspectes related to its development. The [Quick Start](quick_start.md) section presents a brief review for starting to use AIS. For a more extensive description, visit the [Tutorial](tutorial.md) section. The [API](./api/) section presents the classes that compound AIS. The [Contribution](contribute.md) section explains how you can contribute to this work. The [Authors and Contact](authors.md) section presents the authors responsible for this development.


<!-- To calibrate AIS, simulations procuded by this software were compared to real data acquired using the photometric and polarimetric modes of SPARC4, during the commissioning runs of the instrument. These data were reduced using [Astropop](https://github.com/juliotux/astropop), a pipeline developed using the Python programming language that was customized to deal with the SPARC4 data. For the photometric mode, spectrophotometric standard stars were observed, providing us with the number of photons per second acquired by the cameras for these stars. This result was compared to the number of photons per second provided by AIS, allowing the calculation of an empirical model to transform the SPARC4 instrumental system into the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS). For the polarimetric mode, polarimetric standard stars were observed, providing us with their q and u Stokes parameters. These values was compared with those ones provided by AIS, allowing us to validate the simulation methodology. -->


</p>

